you
The next thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge and the general poor health of the of America of the American people Is being used to create the crisis.
They need to divide and conquer us to ruin Maybe America.
I don't know crash the dollar.
I don't know steal the rest of our our what limited Treasury value we have left.
I don't know But I know for sure
that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary and more importantly never be possible.
If you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally, and these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine, okay.
But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines.
And, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy, such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada's saying nine months, is as actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
Bye.
But I couldn't take the punishment And had to settle down Now I'm playing it real straight And guess I cut my hair You might think I'm crazy But I don't even care Cause I can tell what's going on It's hip to be square It's hip to be square I fight my fans in business suits
I watch them on TV.
I'm working almost every day and watching
You figure out, you see it every day And those that weren't upon this route Have gone the other way